Gambling Saint
Are you going to violate Covenant 36?
Shitty Covenant 36
Wang Xiaohu, we join the Heaven and Earth Alliance
Not for you to use these rules
Applied to us
Rules are rules
No matter who violates the covenant
Will be dealt with
Bullshit our four gangs
How carefree it was
I wanted to enjoy the shade under the big tree
Only then did he join the Heaven and Earth Alliance
Who would have thought
He put a set of shackles around his neck
Exactly.
You just have to deal with outsiders with these rules
But now you're treating us irritants
Humph
This Heaven and Earth Alliance is not waiting
So you're going to violate Covenant 36, right?
Our four major gangs come and go as they please
Why do you still want to force us to stay?
Where did you put my heaven and earth alliance?
Tiger Lord
The reason why the four of us can join the heaven and earth collapse
That's because I respect you as a person.
But now you're favoring this guy
We can't accept it.
Obviously you made a mistake
How did I become biased?
It's useless to talk too much
Tiger Lord, I will call you Tiger Lord one last time
You think clearly
Are you going because of this guy?
To turn against our four major gangs
So you want to
United
Rebellion, that's right
We're going the other way around.
Don't you see?
He, Wang Xiaohu, is simply playing on the topic
It's a lie that he helped this person out
It's true that he hit our four major gangs